---
layout: post
title: Major Upgrade to Report System – Friday 18th July 2014
---

Following nearly a year's experience with the live system and, taking into account the valuable feedback you have given us, we have made significant improvements to the system for creating survey reports (the templates) and the process to be followed by surveyors in completing them

We are installing a completely new "template engine" with two major aims in mind:

  1. The ability to create more sophisticated report templates with improved layouts and the ability to embed images. These templates are the link between the report layout and the data the surveyors enter to complete them

  2. The data entry used by the surveyor has been improved – now each field is validated and then saved after input it and not at the end of the session. This will help prevent errors and surveyors will have confidence each field is saved after it has been entered, obviously avoiding the risk of losing work because the surveyor has been distracted or an error occurs right at the end of the process

Inevitably such a significant upgrade involves some disruption.

Therefore, please note that the Surventrix system will be unavailable from 18:00 on Friday 18th July to 08:00 on Monday 21st July.

It is vital that you complete any reports you have started this week by 18:00 on Friday. If you don't think you can complete a report please do not start it but, rather, leave it until Monday.

It will not be possible to re-open "old" reports in the new system but you will, obviously, still be able to view and download the "old"”" reports as PDFs.

We will be monitoring the system heavily to see if our updating of the system is causing any issues and will be promptly fixing them if any arise.

If you experience any issues during this period, please email us at support@surventrix.com or alternatively fill out the form at: https://surventrix.net/contact including in the heading/subject 'Site error' if you can. This will help us give these enquiries top priority.

Thank-you for your support, input and feedback so far
